hey guys it's Jesse from seemless it's
lunchtime and we're super hungry so
we're gonna order pizza here's the catch
we're gonna order pizza with every
single topping on it put it in the
kitchen set it office-wide email and
tell everyone lunch is ready
but not tell them what's on it let's do
it
yes it is hi
just got the email the pizza's here
let's get it
probably by the
that is gorgeous okay we sent out the
email office has been alerted let's even
get some people
are you filming to see how ravenously
peppers we're gonna basil but it keep
going
trying to figure out what you're eating
yeah like what's like it's like a foodie
adventure
this is unconscious to know your food
it's not really heavy
why do this because he wanted to go
straight there is insane
so nothing is actually not that it's
really now sending a whole slice